CRTX-121331 GCP Google Cloud Logging XDM Modeling (#35639)
demisto/content: Packs/GoogleCloudLogging/README.md

## What does this pack do

> The Google Cloud Logging Cortex <~XSOAR>XSOAR</~XSOAR><~XSIAM> <~XSIAM>XSIAM</~XSIAM> pack helps users to centralize all their GCP logs in a single location, making it easier to troubleshoot issues and gain insights from their data: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Google Cloud Logging Cortex <~XSOAR>XSOAR</~XSOAR><~XSIAM>XSIAM</~XSIAM> pack helps users to centralize all their GCP logs in a single location, making it easier to troubleshoot issues and gain insights from their data: 
```

Author: @ShirleyDenkberg Thanks for the quick review. 
I inserted some reorganization and reformatting of the sections to better emphasize the separation between the Integration to the Modeling Rule & Parsing Rule which are independent of the integration. If you could re-review the updated version as well.

Author: @ShirleyDenkberg Thanks for the quick review. 
I inserted some reorganization and reformatting of the sections on the README and release notes to better emphasize the separation between the Integration to the Modeling Rule & Parsing Rule which are independent of the integration. If you could re-review the updated version as well.

## What does this pack do

The Google Cloud Logging Cortex <~XSOAR>XSOAR</~XSOAR><~XSIAM>XSIAM</~XSIAM> pack helps users to centralize all their GCP logs in a single location, making it easier to troubleshoot issues and gain insights from their data.

### Google Cloud Logging Integration
The *Google Cloud Logging Integration* enables you to retrieve selected log entries that originated from a project/folder/organization/billing account. See the [Google Cloud Logging integration documentation](https://xsoar.pan.dev/docs/reference/integrations/google-cloud-logging) for additional details.   

<~XSIAM>
### Google Cloud Logging SIEM Content

> The SIEM content includes *Cortex Data Modeling (XDM) Rules* and *Parsing Rules* which are applied on [*Google Cloud Audit Logs*](https://cloud.google.com/logging/docs/audit) and [*Google Cloud DNS Query Logs*](https://cloud.google.com/dns/docs/monitoring#dns-log-record-format) that are ingested into the *`google_cloud_logging_raw`* and *`google_dns_raw`* datasets (respectively) via the *Google Cloud Platform Pub/Sub* data source on Cortex XSIAM. See [*Ingest Logs and Data from a GCP Pub/Sub*](https://docs-cortex.paloaltonetworks.com/r/Cortex-XSIAM/Cortex-XSIAM-Administrator-Guide/Ingest-Logs-and-Data-from-a-GCP-Pub/Sub?tocId=q2ZnSo90ZmO~6aLgts8g5g) for additional details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SIEM content includes *Cortex Data Modeling (XDM) Rules* and *Parsing Rules* which are applied on [*Google Cloud Audit Logs*](https://cloud.google.com/logging/docs/audit) and [*Google Cloud DNS Query Logs*](https://cloud.google.com/dns/docs/monitoring#dns-log-record-format) that are ingested into the *`google_cloud_logging_raw`* and *`google_dns_raw`* datasets (respectively) via the *Google Cloud Platform Pub/Sub* data source on Cortex XSIAM. See [*Ingest Logs and Data from a GCP Pub/Sub*](https://docs-cortex.paloaltonetworks.com/r/Cortex-XSIAM/Cortex-XSIAM-Documentation/Ingest-logs-and-data-from-a-GCP-Pub/Sub?tocId=RyZP~~W~YWbOPGKAClIQHg) for additional details.
```

#### Remarks

> - When configuring a [sink](https://cloud.google.com/logging/docs/export/configure_export_v2#creating_sink) to route Google Cloud logs to the [Pub/Sub service](https://cloud.google.com/pubsub/docs/pubsub-basics) as described [here](https://docs-cortex.paloaltonetworks.com/r/Cortex-XSIAM/Cortex-XSIAM-Administrator-Guide/Ingest-Logs-and-Data-from-a-GCP-Pub/Sub?tocId=q2ZnSo90ZmO~6aLgts8g5g), you may wish to create an inclusion filter to include only a subset of the logs. See filter examples [here](https://cloud.google.com/logging/docs/export/configure_export_v2#filter-examples) and samples below: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When configuring a [sink](https://cloud.google.com/logging/docs/export/configure_export_v2#creating_sink) to route Google Cloud logs to the [Pub/Sub service](https://cloud.google.com/pubsub/docs/pubsub-basics) as described [here](https://docs-cortex.paloaltonetworks.com/r/Cortex-XSIAM/Cortex-XSIAM-Documentation/Ingest-logs-and-data-from-a-GCP-Pub/Sub?tocId=RyZP~~W~YWbOPGKAClIQHg), you may wish to create an inclusion filter to include only a subset of the logs. See filter examples [here](https://cloud.google.com/logging/docs/export/configure_export_v2#filter-examples) and samples below: 
```
